Tutorial/Developer Bounty Plan.md, before:

**Developer Bounty Plan**

 

Thinkium is a comprehensive public chain network initiated and promoted by the Thinkium Foundation and a layered multi-chain structure. It integrates various technologies of lay1+layer2 (layered and parallel sub-chains, homogeneous and heterogeneous Asset Bridge), with unlimited capacity expansion at linear cost, massive infrastructure construction, and the joint participation of all community developers.

 

Thinkium foundation will launch a developer rewarding program to help and encourage communities developer to participate in the project likes, design, and develop parts. All rewards will be given to those who dedicated their service to Thinkium projects. 

 

Stage one: Bounty Details 

 

Bounty #1: Technical tutorial content creation 

 

Mission instruction: 

The project mainly focuses on creating tutorials that relate to Thinkium technology, including but not limited to node installation and development tutorials, contract development guides, Dapp development examples, SDK usage instructions, wallet usage instructions, and so on. 

Submission formats will be in text and video. 

 

Mission Requirement 

Applicants has clear understanding regarding Blockchain Technology and Thinkium’s products and projects. Have the ability to write article and edit videos.

 

Bounty Rules 

1. This project will support 25 documents or video tutorials. 

2. Please upload the complete tutorials to Github. The reward will be given after the tutorial is approved. 

3. The rewards various from 50--200 USDT to the creator depends on the tutorials’ content and quality. 

4. This project only supports original content. You will not receive any rewards once the upload files involve plagiarism.  

 

|       | Project Name                                                 | Rewarding | Number of Reward | Notes                                                        |
| ----- | ------------------------------------------------------------ | --------- | ---------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| 1     | Thinkium nodes  installation deploy tutorial                 | 100U      | 3                | Video or text                                                |
| 2     | Solidity smart  contract development and development tutorial on the Thinkium network. | 200U      | 3                | for token, memories  storage, transaction, hardhat, truffle  |
| 3     | Developing a  DeFi/Dapp on Thinkium                          | 200U      | 3                | environment tool  preparation, development process, and case analysis tutorial |
| 4     | Dapp application  tutorial based on Thinkium                 | 200U      | 3                | voting, NFT, game,  market, crowdfunding, DEX etc.           |
| 5     | How to relocate  Dapp from ETH to Ethanium network           | 100U      | 3                |                                                              |
| 6     | Thinkium technology  and explanation of core concept         | 50U       | 10               | Includes but not  limited technical structure, economic mechanisms, consensus mechanism,  developer tool introduction in text. |
| *Note | All rewards are  issued in TKM equivalent to the USDT conversion as the market price as the  time of issuance. |           |                  |                                                              |

The number of rewards is fixed. We will use the first-come, first served principle while we review the works that have been submitted by time orders.

 

Related links

Official website: https://www.thinkium.net/

Github: https://github.com/ThinkiumGroup/wiki

Discord developer invite link: https://discord.gg/tVZQBfHgXu

Commit message:

Update Developer Bounty Plan.md

Tutorial/Developer Bounty Plan.md, after:

**Developer Bounty Plan**

 

Thinkium is a comprehensive public chain network initiated and promoted by the Thinkium Foundation and a layered multi-chain structure. It integrates various technologies of lay1+layer2 (layered and parallel sub-chains, homogeneous and heterogeneous Asset Bridge), with unlimited capacity expansion at linear cost, massive infrastructure construction, and the joint participation of all community developers.

 

Thinkium foundation will launch a developer rewarding program to help and encourage communities developer to participate in the project likes, design, and develop parts. All rewards will be given to those who dedicated their service to Thinkium projects. 

 

Stage one: Bounty Details 

 

Bounty #1: Technical tutorial content creation 

 

Mission instruction: 

The project mainly focuses on creating tutorials that relate to Thinkium technology, including but not limited to node installation and development tutorials, contract development guides, Dapp development examples, SDK usage instructions, wallet usage instructions, and so on. 

Submission formats will be in text and video. 

 

Mission Requirement 

Applicants has clear understanding regarding Blockchain Technology and Thinkium’s products and projects. Have the ability to write article and edit videos.

 

Bounty Rules 

1. This project will support 25 documents or video tutorials. 

2. Please upload the complete tutorials to Github.([https://github.com/ThinkiumGroup/wiki/tree/master/Tutorial/Collection%20of%20works](https://github.com/ThinkiumGroup/wiki/tree/master/Tutorial/Collection%20of%20works)) The reward will be given after the tutorial is approved.  

3. After the work is uploaded, please send your work link, official discoard group nickname and TKM wallet address to the official mailbox (bounty@thinkium.net), please make sure that the above information is accurate, he will serve as our reward to you certificate.

4. The rewards various from 50--200 USDT to the creator depends on the tutorials’ content and quality. 

5. This project only supports original content. You will not receive any rewards once the upload files involve plagiarism.  

 

|       | Project Name                                                 | Rewarding | Number of Reward | Notes                                                        |
| ----- | ------------------------------------------------------------ | --------- | ---------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| 1     | Thinkium nodes  installation deploy tutorial                 | 100U      | 3                | Video or text                                                |
| 2     | Solidity smart  contract development and development tutorial on the Thinkium network. | 200U      | 3                | for token, memories  storage, transaction, hardhat, truffle  |
| 3     | Developing a  DeFi/Dapp on Thinkium                          | 200U      | 3                | environment tool  preparation, development process, and case analysis tutorial |
| 4     | Dapp application  tutorial based on Thinkium                 | 200U      | 3                | voting, NFT, game,  market, crowdfunding, DEX etc.           |
| 5     | How to relocate  Dapp from ETH to Ethanium network           | 100U      | 3                |                                                              |
| 6     | Thinkium technology  and explanation of core concept         | 50U       | 10               | Includes but not  limited technical structure, economic mechanisms, consensus mechanism,  developer tool introduction in text. |
| *Note | All rewards are  issued in TKM equivalent to the USDT conversion as the market price as the  time of issuance. |           |                  |                                                              |

The number of rewards is fixed. We will use the first-come, first served principle while we review the works that have been submitted by time orders.

 

Related links

Official website: https://www.thinkium.net/

Github: https://github.com/ThinkiumGroup/wiki

Discord developer invite link: https://discord.gg/tVZQBfHgXu
